# Jeff's Crazy Day

Imagine being a very wealthy businessman. They must be living the best life possible. Jeff is one of those people. He wakes up every morning right at 5am. Jeff does not need an alarm clock, he just gets out of bed, unlike some people. Afterwards, Jeff brushes his teeth for exactly 2 minutes to keep his teeth pearly white. To keep in shape, he works out for 30 minutes. Today is arm day. Next, he showers and puts on his best suit that is custom-tailored to his height and length. By 6:30am he works on his start-up called, ‘Tech Savvy’ where they help people how to use the internet. It’s 7am and Jeff leaves home to start his day in the world. 

After leaving home Jeff looks around at all the people outside. Since Jeff lives on a very expensive street (on the rich side of town) there's always people who struggle to cross it. Jeff loves to spend some time in the morning helping the old folk cross the busy street. Today he managed to accompany 11 people and a dog across the street in less than 15 minutes. After helping the people of his town like the hero he is, Jeff goes to his Computer Science class at Harvard. He's already graduated top of his class twice but he decided to go back for a third degree. Today he aced his exam and baked a full meal for his entire class. After a long day of school Jeff drives all of his professors and some of his classmates home. Jeff loves doing this and he always ubers people around for free.

After driving people to their destinations for free, Jeff volunteers as a helper by making dinner at a soup kitchen. He then pulls out his laptop in a place with free wifi to work on his start-up. Then, proceeds to create a very popular app called, “Touching Grass Simulator”. Next, he acts like a typical comic book superhero, and proceeds to fight various criminals. After such a day, Jeff eats a salad, brushes his teeth, and goes to sleep.

**THE END**